---
layout: info
language: en
title: Philly 311
sort: 2
tags: info
---
Philly 311
=====
3-1-1 is the only number you need to call to access information about City services.
An interpreter will be connected if English is not your preferred language, and at no cost to you.
 
Call 3-1-1 from 8AM – 8 PM, Monday – Friday
Walk in hours are 9AM – 5PM, Monday – Friday
 
What questions can 311 answer?
------------------------------
- Directory Assistance - What’s the number for my local police station?
- Information Services - What day will my trash be picked up?
- Service Requests - Can you send someone to remove storm debris from the street and the sewer drains?
- Updates on Special Events - What is the route of the parade?
 
How is 311 different from 911?
------------------------------
911 is for emergencies only. For all non-emergency City services or information, call 311.
 
How does it work?
-----------------
Calls come to the 311 call center.  If you are calling about updates on special events, or other general information, your inquiry is answered immediately.  If you are trying to contact a specific City employee, your call will be transferred.  If you are calling to access City services, a request is placed and sent to the proper department.  Callers seeking City services will receive a tracking number which will allow them to follow-up on their request via the website or by calling 311.
 
Who can use 311?
----------------
The 311 service is available to anyone who needs to know more about Philadelphia, City services, or general information. Residents, businesses, and visitors are all encouraged to call.
 
How do I contact 311?
---------------------
If calling from within Philadelphia, dial 3-1-1 from your home or mobile phone.  If calling from outside of the City, dial 215-686-8686.  You can also visit our walk-in office in City Hall, Room 167.
 
Will 311 operators speak my language?
-------------------------------------
311 operators are able to connect to interpreters that speak almost 200 languages.  These interpreters are provided at no cost to the caller.
 
What if I have other questions or comments about 311?
-----------------------------------------------------
Email [philly311@phila.gov](mailto:philly311@phila.gov) to hear from one of our staff members or visit our website at [www.phila.gov/311](http://www.phila.gov/311).

Do all City agencies provide interpretation services?
-----------------------------------------------------
Yes, all City agencies provide interpretation services at no cost to you.
 
What do I do if I'm denied service in my own language?
------------------------------------------------------
You can make a complaint if you do not receive assistance in your language.  Call 3-1-1 to make a complaint with the Philadelphia Commission on Human Relations, or you can visit their office at 601 Walnut Street, Suite 300 South.